sunday in case you don't know is oscar
night here on abc
a lot of people don't know but now you
do know the oscars is the night on which
the film industry
honors all the great movies everyone
watched on tv this year
the ceremony will be held at union
station which is our train station
downtown and the governor's ball will be
held in a shipping container in reseda
guillermo you will be on the red carpet
that's right you just got tested for
covid yes
i do not have it nothing i'm very good
maybe instead of shots at tequila you
give out shots of moderna this year huh
that's a great idea yes
well we have a tradition on
oscar week here at our show we go out in
the street the week before the academy
awards to ask people
what they thought of the show even
though the show hasn't
happened yet and we've done it again
with a new batch of fake newsers in a
brand new oscar edition
of eyewitness news
we're talking to people about the big
oscars last night did you think they
were able to pull off the show and the
pandemic
honestly i i think they did the best
that they could with what they had and
the resources that were allocated i mean
there's only so much that you can do
with a pandemic happening
and like when in doubt the show must go
on right
where were you watching the oscars last
night um
on my computer with some of my friends
we did like a
zoom thing and we were like watching it
together did you guys have a
little betting pool to see who got the
most yeah how did you how did you do
with yours
you know um i you win some you lose some
so yeah uh but it was pretty good
there were a lot of big upsets last
night yeah there were
there were which is i mean some are a
surprise sometimes you know you
might see it coming you're like i might
be the dark horse of the night and so
nobody thought the salad sisters was
gonna win i mean
it happens you know were you surprised
that maury povich
won for his role telling anthony hopkins
that he was the father and the father
yes i grew up watching maury pulverge so
it was kind of
i thought it was kind of a little silly
i mean were you rooting for him
i was i was hoping that anthony hopkins
would win but it did surprise me that
maury pulverge won
of course the big moment last night
sonic the hedgehog getting up to accept
his best picture award
and calling for a moment of silence for
all the lives lost to covid
did that moment to you have the
emotional impact that sonic was going
for
not really because i think it's a bit
hard to get that same effect with a
cartoon and an animated picture
um i think the idea was there but i
think it it was difficult to come across
cynthia we're talking about the oscars
you were watching last night yes
glenn close got up during her acceptance
speech and thanked satan
what was your reaction when she did that
it's not a time
there wasn't a place for it people have
their own beliefs
and you know that it's what they feel
but this venue wasn't the place for that
not the place for satan not the place to
be speaking or thanking satan
you know i'm not gonna i'm totally
against saying i'm totally against
everything that he stands for oh
but like i said if people have their own
beliefs on whatever it may be
there's a time and a place for that for
the in their own personal areas
did you get emotional when sasha baron
cohen brought rudy giuliani out and
hugged him on stage
i think that sasha berenkov is
all over the place sometimes and to do
that that it did it did pull at the
heart strings a little bit
which movie won best picture last night
i i log i think i logged off before
like i finished because i was so
extremely exhausted
all your friends stopped watching before
that too i think so yeah we all logged
off at the same time
makes sense yes how do you think jeffrey
epstein did as the host
um i think he did pretty good what we
could uh with that
i think he did wonderful he tried to
bring everyone together he tried to
forget and act like we were not wearing
face masks
that we're not going through a pandemic
he did a good job what do you think of
his singing
not a big fan of a singing i'm more of
like like a michael jackson person stuff
like that i'm not a big fan of him you
like michael jackson more than jeffrey
epstein
he's a king of pop yes i like the way he
um sings
was it nice just to get a sense of
normalcy back
absolutely even though it was a bit off
and a few things happened i think it was
great to have the community still come
together and
and be excited about sharing something
and it's great just to get people back
on the boulevard and lying about seeing
the oscars again
isn't it absolutely
thank you all i appreciate your candor
hi i'm jimmy kimmel and i am not allowed
to eat this cookie until you click the
subscribe button so please click now i'm
hungry